# notelib
This is a pet project to make a nice note taking app. I have found notetaking
to be a very important but underappreciated and underutilized tool in the tech
world. I am a minimalist at heart, so while I do love tools like notion, it
just has too many moving parts to my liking.

This project will be built using Qt 6 and largely C++20 (if I get up to speed
on 23 in time, I may use features for that here too).

## Building
### When Changing Anything in a .ui File
If you are simply building this from source, or viewing the code, this does not
apply to you. However, if you plan on forking this repository or adding new
windows, keep in mind that the uic generated header files are generated by
cmake. Thus, it is insufficent to just rebuild between modifications of .ui
files, you <em>must</em> regenerate the build files for the ui to properly
update (details on how to generate these below)

## Generating Build Files & Building
In proper Windows fashion, this project can be built, but not as easily as on
linux. To build from source on windows, you will need:

* Qt6
* CMake
* Visual Studio Build Tools
* Ninja

Then run:

```.ps
cmake -B build -G "Ninja" -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE:STRING="Debug" -DCMAKE_CXX_FLAGS:STRING="-DQT_QML_DEBUG"
```

On Linux, this exact same command will work (and you can pick a different
generater like Make if you'd like). However (and I am unsure and still need to
check) just specifying your desired build directory with <code>-B build</code>
will work smoothly and default to make. Then you can build with:

```.ps
cmake --build build
```

or with:

```.ps
cmake --build build --config Release # Or Debug if you desire
```

